{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Privacy Policy:
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 At Sabernex, we prioritise the privacy and safety of our users, including children under the age of 13. This Privacy Policy outlines how our Barcode Scanner collects, uses, and protects user information. Please read this policy carefully to understand how we handle your data.
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Information Collection: Our Barcode Scanner does not collect any user data. We do not gather personal information such as names, addresses, or contact details. We solely focus on providing a secure and efficient barcode scanning experience.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Use of Scanned Data: The data obtained through barcode scanning is solely used to display the relevant information associated with the scanned barcode. We do not store or transmit this data to any external servers or third parties.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Children's Privacy: We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Our Barcode Scanner is safe for use by individuals under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will promptly delete it from our records.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Security Measures: We employ industry-standard security measures to protect the integrity and confidentiality of your data. We utilise appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Third-Party Services: Our Barcode Scanner does not integrate any third-party services or libraries that collect user data. However, please note that other apps or websites you may visit through scanned barcodes may have their own privacy policies, which are beyond our control. We recommend reviewing the privacy policies of these third-party services before providing any personal information.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Changes to Privacy Policy: We reserve the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes made will be reflected in this policy with the revised date of effect. We encourage users to review this policy periodically for any updates.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7	}\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Contact Us: If you have any questions, concerns, or requests regarding our Privacy Policy or the handling of your data, please contact us at contact@sabernex.com.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 By using our Barcode Scanner, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
}